the best place to get traffic from is
news sources hey everyone i'm bill patel
and today i'm gonna break down three
great website traffic sources that
you're probably not
using this video is going to be short
why because i want you to use these
traffic sources instead of just watching
tons of content you know everyone
watches videos everyone reads it but
there's very little action taken and i
want to change that starting with this
video
source one capitalize on websites with
high domain authority and user-generated
content look the idea is to look at
websites that have massive backlink
profiles and high domain authority
beyond their backlinks and their domain
authority you want to use these websites
to accept user-generated content
because you can go and upload content
that they accept link back to your
website and generate traffic
great example of this is quora and
wikipedia there's tons of sites like
this but those are two examples they
rank for everything they get tons of
traffic even if the links don't help you
with your seo it's okay go and
participate in those communities and
where it makes sense link back to your
website where it doesn't make sense
don't do it do what's best for their
community and this will drive you
instant traffic i remember at one point
i had someone full time just focused on
responding on quora and linking to my
site it's that effective and after a
while i didn't have to do it because
i've already been on quora so many times
now that i continue to get that residual
traffic
source number two content syndication
platforms with this type of platform you
can get used to fine-tune algorithms
that will match your content with the
content where your sponsored posts will
appear so let's say readers on a blog
post about dog food and the content that
you want to generate traffic for is
around vegan dog food options those
platforms will allow you to put your
content in front of people who are
already reading content on related
topics
and they have tons of customization
options that allow you to fine-tune your
targeting it's almost like facebook ads
or google ads and you get tons of
audience options and geotargeting here
are some of the great examples of this
type of platform outbrain zamanta arc
taboola
zergnet all top nine rules these are all
great sources that you should check out
source number three you consume it but
you don't leverage it
youtube
in 2021 alone i have received over 150
000 visitors to my website from youtube
but here's a kicker that's roughly 12
000 visitors a month that doesn't
account for all the people that go to my
website when i tell them hey if you want
my agency to do your marketing for you
check out np digital if you heard me say
that before leave a comment with hey
neil i've heard you do that before
you'll see in the comments section how
many people are saying it that's the
power of it and that's not counted in
those traffic stats
and here's what's even better than that
youtube isn't cold traffic i'm creating
videos on marketing people watch these
videos they're getting to know me
building that rapport so then when i
tell them to check out my website or
check out my ad agency np digital the
conversion rate is so much higher
because already warmed up and they've
got to know me
did you know that the number one traffic
source for me when it comes to
conversions is take a guess what do you
think it is
it's google number two youtube i know
number two youtube is owned by google
but we separate them out because it's
separate sites
now the way you do this and bring
traffic from youtube is really simple
you create video based content that's on
evergreen topics you can do keyword
research by uber says so you go to
ubersass.com you type in keywords
related to your space it tells you
what's popular you create videos around
them you put those keywords within your
title of your youtube video your
description of the youtube video you
mention the keywords naturally within
your video you'll start ranking for it
and then within your video tell people
to go to your website within your
youtube description link to your website
and tell people about it as well
another strategy that i do that has
worked extremely well for me on youtube
is the reason my videos get tons of
views and i'll be able to drive all that
traffic to my website is the youtube
algorithm is almost the opposite of
google
google if you want to rank really well
slow and steady wins a race youtube not
so much so
if a video does really well in the first
24 hours it can rank instantly at the
top for any keyword so when you create a
video in the first 24 hours send out
push notifications through tools like
subscribers email blasts and promote it
as hard as you can because then if it
does well it starts raking instantly and
you get that traction instantly you
don't have to edit your videos as much
just quick and dirty uploading them does
well
these are the three traffic sources i
want you to start using if you need help
with them check out my ad agency np
digital and
if you have any questions or you're
struggling leave a comment below i'm
here to help i want to get you going
with these three traffic sources